README.md, before:


# GNU_ToolBox


Here is my (Zaynn) shell/bash Tool Box, mainly used for Linux. 


## Usage :

To use this tool box properly and easily, you need to be able to access its content quickly and from everywhere.
To do so you have the *import_tools.sh* script.

To use it it is recommanded to add this to your .bashrc :
```bash

source {your path here}/import_tools.sh {your path here}

```
See the import_tools.sh documentation for more details and options.


## Content :

### Scripts :


All script have a their own more specific documentation at the begining of each files

- make_C_tool.sh	: tool to make C files and projects

- make_makefile_tool.sh	: tool to make Makefiles for C projects

- make_matlab_tool.sh	: tool to make matlab scripts and functions

- make_script_tool.sh	: tool to make bash scripts

- pretty_clear_tool.sh	: tool to clear and add headers to your CMD

- import_tools.sh	: script containing all the aliases and shortcuts



## Credits :

made by Gély Léandre :: https://github.com/Zaynn-lea

project started early october 2024

Commit message:

debugged make_css_tool and update the README

README.md, after:


# GNU_ToolBox


Here is my (Zaynn) shell/bash Tool Box, mainly used for Linux. 


## Usage :

To use this tool box properly and easily, you need to be able to access its content quickly and from everywhere.
To do so you have the *import_tools.sh* script.

To use it it is recommanded to add this to your .bashrc :
```bash

source {your path here}/import_tools.sh {your path here}

```
See the import_tools.sh documentation for more details and options.


## Content :

### Scripts :


All script have a their own more specific documentation at the begining of each files

- make_C_tool.sh	: tool to make C files and projects

- make_css_tool.sh	: tool to make css stylesheets

- make_html_tool.sh	: tool to make html and jinja projects

- make_makefile_tool.sh	: tool to make Makefiles for C projects

- make_matlab_tool.sh	: tool to make matlab scripts and functions

- make_script_tool.sh	: tool to make bash scripts

- pretty_clear_tool.sh	: tool to clear and add headers to your CMD

- import_tools.sh	: script containing all the aliases and shortcuts



## Credits :

made by Gély Léandre :: https://github.com/Zaynn-lea

project started early october 2024
